Now in order to run the application on my real iOS device.
Which I have connected here and first of all, need to go to X code.
And then to my project here and under signing and capabilities, choose my team here.
So that this error which was shown here, goes away.
And with that, I could not launch it for this button.
But I can now also try launching it here again through visual pseudocode.
And this should now work and hopefully successfully build this application for iOS and launch it on
my iPhone.
Now as a side note, if you should be getting any errors whilst you try to run this on a real iOS device,
try running, flutter clean in your project and then try restarting.
That's what I just needed to do.
But with that here on the right, you see my iOS device and I'm going to sign up there.
Since I cleared all data, I can, of course, use all those email addresses here again.
So that's that.
Now I'm going to pick an image.
Grant access to my camera.
And here I am, taking a picture of me taking a picture.
Great.
Use that photo.
Here it is.
And now I press sign up and that's looking good.
I'm on the chat screen and if we now go back here and we refresh the users here on authentication,
I see that new user under storage.
I hopefully see my image.
Here it is.
That's the image I just took.
And under database, I also see the user's collection with data about that user I just created.
So that is all looking great.
That seems to work on iOS as well.
And with that, with that working well, let's actually continue and let's make sure that we show a
user image on all the chat messages we have.